Documentation sys config (#168)
fredrikhgrelland/vagrant-hashistack: README.md

`make build` will build a vagrant box based on hashicorp/bionic64. The packaged box will be locally available at ´packer/output-hashistack/package.box´

`make test` run tests by starting the [countdash](https://www.nomadproject.io/docs/integrations/consul-connect/) consul-connect example. If ´packer/output-hashistack/package.box´ does not exist, it will run ´make build´

> - Note: You can refer [SystemConfigurationDoc](docs/SystemConfiguration.md) inorder to get a comprehensive overview of the default configurations with which the sytstem is set up. The document also provides information about test configuration and steps for overriding the default system configuration.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Note: You can refer to [SystemConfigurationDoc](docs/SystemConfiguration.md) in order to get a comprehensive overview of the default configurations with which the system is set up. The document also provides information about test configuration and steps for overriding the default system configuration.
```

Author: I have fixed the typos, thanks :+1:
